Every drop of dew
Wants to be brother to another drop of dew. 

Drink some water with the gondolier
in the canal’s depths, 

The earth buried all that together :
paints and poisons, plants of death 

Life, loves and illnesses...
Carry them on your back. Don’t forget. 

O, woman,
I have embraced your body with mine for a moment,
And it has given me a rough and strange power.

But I have no lips
On my mouth any more.

Cities of salt, the golden foliage heard
Beyond centuries must wilt and die, 

Cities of salt, the golden foliage heard
Beyond centuries must wilt and die, 
Man breasts and woman breasts must fall,

Cities of salt, the golden foliage heard
Beyond centuries must wilt and die,
Body I can, spirit I can not — I.

Cities of salt, the golden foliage heard
Beyond centuries must wilt and die, 
The snakes of death, they crawl through hair and screen
Of life, O, tangled mess of

When my airplanes never came,
And my ships never sailed,
I traded the truth of poetry

For the truth of guns,
And a tiger, who was once afraid of me,
Well, now, he was never afraid of me.

By the way, I'm a white guy of pasty complexion.

My English is not decent. I cannot write English poetry.
From now on, I am a silent poet.
If you want to know my heart, you have to ask yourself.

Translated by Kwong Yeung Choi from the Chinese,
Only the sky and the infinite sea are honest.

The sun is a desk that belongs to us.

The moon is a school where we are teaching our children

With the assistance of the wind and the rain.

Nothing must be distorted,
Because there is no danger of invisible untruths.

To understand how to maintain what you have,
You have to know how you lost it.

Your innerization is not your own,
It is your human limitations.

If it's hard to be a god,
It's even harder to be a human.

The birds that cannot live in a cage,
Freely go off to fate
And prove a theory

That there is no judgement from above,
No reward or punishment.


The ones who reason with fingers and colours,
With imbalanced verse, rigid and cracked terrace,

We are a flame in which many winds pass by,
And they say : Greet and feed yourself
On black and white ashes,

For of the sun we are only the guests,
and when the nights open
we return to our empty village
It is here that we began to die.

The noises of the urban stain invade
The silence of the solitary desert,
And I see the laughter rising and falling in the faces of men without hope.

Yes, O mirror, you reflect those terrible fears
Which always had a human face and walked there 
with an hourglass, distressing all within reach,

Stop ! Stop ! Let me speak! Why not?
Until I open my arms and let them go.

First age : Nothing in this body knows how to grow. 
Second age : Parched, dry flowers. 
Third age : Old leaves. Fourth age : Sinister echoes. 

Chosen, very young and so very mute,
Pure among the pure, You are vulgarized
With the vulgarity of darkness and silence,

Where are the poets when you really don’t want to lie?

We used to seize the sun with our hands and hold it still, so that it wouldn’t escape.

Faint shadows of pain
Mingle with pleasure,
Driven there by blows of love.

When stars flare.
When I think about the dead,
About my dying father,

About my mother washing the stupid
Green battle dress of his corpse,

they used to grow,
our souls
Two bonsai trees.

Do not touch my dream
Do not break my head,
Do not offend my soul, brute.

Do not dismantle my body,
Do not rot my heart,
Do not mock my prayers 

The neighborhood dogs bark, bark,bark, bark
Yet to me they look sad, look
sad, look

a poem should be easily understood like the words
That compose it, a statue of stone
Should cause an inner emotion.

The day I love you, night shall be day,
And stars become suns, and the night shall shine with day.

Are you ready yet to desire yourself? Your greatness and your vices? 
Your gesture singular, your slightest word in which 
The past is translated, like a shipwreck, into fire?

Shtreiml's short poem can be found in Vilenica International Literary Anthology, Tirana, Albania, 2014.

The horseman's gun fired
into the branches...
Where is the horseman?

This is the unchanging world.

She feels tired
Before the dawn like a sprinter,
Tired of waiting to live. Where is the god 

Until the mask is torn...

I saw them in the morning light
Pressing the soil of the narrow street
In search of bread.

My heart can be broken by a leaf
When the wind bows the look down 

I came,
And this was the city of songs 
I had left,
I went back
For reasons I cannot understand.

are noble and full of confidence.
To accompany them, acquire
Enough pride and strength to say

At their departures, “Thank you”

Slowly,
The horizon of my life is re-shaping itself
Making my bones stronger.

In this town, you can break up a bastion
Of custom, Stand up and touch the edge of the sky,
From the mountains come to rest among the trees in the valley

How strange this

Your sleek hair is my cook-fire 
it catches my dreams.
That song I sing dulls and thins
to a thread of smoke.

The vessel of my soul
is full of poems 
my heart is packed and labeled
for burning. 

what twilight has given to my heart
worries the glass with insects. 

In the sun your smile
Is a sword stabbed into my heart.

Why do you obsess me, you who think and speak ?

Why do you obsess me, you who think and speak ?

Long enough had the nations maneuvered over the ruins of Troy.

My passion - a rooster that crows
Behind a well.

And deep inside us is the deepest tomb
Of all emotions.

Whatever happens, the farm will beat by five lengths.

Dying, I should like to kiss the hands that fed me,

the entire earth shook
as if from a recent earthquake,
the dead people jolted awake

And tried to warm themselves by the red coals of volcanoes.

It’s like reading the plain and ordinary signs
Of the passage of each day.

She and I are like a light, 
flickering between 
sleep and consciousness. 

Death ! You’ve grown tired of the world, have you ?
Today you have an appetite for everything living and mighty.

Eternity, transfixed by lightning, 
Has turned to ashes.
The wind takes the ashes, 

And whistling at their weight, scatters them.

The sea waves of morning 
tossing the ship
of sleep.

The man with the rain in his eyes
is you.

The long rain
which has kept this earth awake;
the eternal rain

The night moves
on crushed tresses the night moves
on broken braids.

You are a pushcart,
Read what was written there:
looking, 

Poema short: 
The centre of a rose-holle garden, 
With a silver fence around it, 
The most beautiful of all is not the red rose, 
But, you.

With white roses, o beloved one, 
Full bud, half open, red rose, 
With roses bring beauty, 

With roses bring softness, 
With red roses O beloved bring warmth, 

Because of this, that has ended, 
And a new thing has come to be; 

Because of this, that has ended ; 
The end is not the end. 

Those whose yesterday is their memory and their tomorrow is their aspiration.

It’s a world of parallels, where the weak and the strong
Are equally beside the point ; 

Where the silence of night is as eloquent as speech
And the end as good

The tree on the slope will be wounded by the storm, 
And blood from its wounds will seep slowly into the sea ;

A highway where you and I meeting, parting and
 
Find me out of the answer oh do not stop looking
till you too find me

poets are men who love people, who try to raise their 
conscience, and who follow the universal path. 
They are like stars high above us, talented and decent.

I spend my nights with photographers
whom no one knows ;
They do not sell their pictures ;

They only wait for that perfect shot.

Intimate poem : Sometimes new friends give you names
So quietly, so gently, you are like people who
have been waiting for years to be able to tell you.

Love me today my love,
Let us mix how we want,
Making broken plans in our bed.

let the women in the harem be stripped,
the debaucheries of dynasty vanish,
the most extraordinary, polished gold.

If beautiful is the cup of bread
made for the poor, drink it, If good is the pale banana
eat it with courage, little man.

I learned my alphabet, how to love and how to hate
On this beach, where I’ve forgotten
the way out of the sheet.

There’s the bran that rises up from the mill. The sun turns it yellow.

Kiss me, said my enemy invisible,
And fulfilled the profane wish of a virgin. 

They're large leaves and lie so small 
Where grew the hands of the boy
Who, fallen, scattered blood On the large stones of the Roman causeway.

that death’s horse is just a black mare and I
a young girl with a baby,
in the arms of the centuries.

The more the days pass, the more the chestnuts flower,
The more the days pass, 
the muffled woodlands breathe thick snows. 

All of us have been through the storm and fire of the Fall,
Yet deep in ourselves there is a tenacious root
That lives and pulsates as a human constant.

Old and wrinkled, worn out,
Yet turned towards the blazing sun
To grow young: the will
Is purple, wedged through with branches.

In that beginning, verdant cave 
He gathered the raw fruits of his withered future.
Whatever fears assault our life,

Under the sky's
last star you tell me
about the love of God.

Fate and fear are two hands
that hold onto the heart ; grasp and search
and fly away with you.

it is the hour of departure,
and the river of silence is wide and deep ;

now you must abandon words for life,
leave speech for knowledge.

Darkness has been stripped from night
to embrace the earth with its wonders of silence,

till they become one and the same body
amidst their infinite differences.

Where then, O heart, is your pleasure,
your harmony, your home ?

The mountains, here in their dream time,
rise into the old sea’s
mother sleep, while next door

the new mother is breathing heavily
the breath that spins a world out of ashes and dreams.

A cruel prison wall
runs right through my being,
along which you come and go.

where high on the mountain the peasant’s house
hides among its trees,
and below, among the trees, the stream,

through strewn stones,
bites into crystal.

You show a horse’s naked foot
From the corner of your eye —
And a wind rises at dawn

He found them cunningly playing chess with death 

We are the mirrors that reflect
Our eagles and coals and islands.

Occasionally we sing for them
The infantile song of nostalgia;

I have seen fingers get burnt
Because of moments stiff with treachery.

Poets have played the game of forgetting,
The way a painter plays colors 

I am peeping through
A small window holding
Two panes together.

I worship the idols of my freedom
And befool the World with half-ripe words
O, dull river of life, flow

where music is the people's face, like these children
at the mosque's gate, their curious faces heralding
a new song of fresh air.

If I love you, my darling, with all my flesh 
and all my mind, is it because I am falling in love 
or because I am falling I am being in love ?

fresh bread is breaking from the bread maker...
the speed with which we can do the work in here
is astonishing now.

Woodsmen from the Devil's Corner enter into the poem,
thanks to the woodcutter chap who lives by the sea and recognizes
the woodcutters of the Inferno.

There's a sweet taste of hummus in the air.
The sky tastes like sugar.
Attention to the wine !

As silent and obstinate as the marls and rocks,
The poem is majestic solitude

the sense of something torn and broken,
The way we live
Breaking the harmony of our passage.

The man is sitting at the windowsill —
The night is full of stars
Is it the thick sense of fear?

Is it the slow sound of waves?
The ever-echoing lips
Which are thirsty for a kiss ?

like a forgotten swing, 
Like an unfinished race
Within us.

Do we weep as earth weeps,
Afraid of the truth ?

Love like beautiful naked skin, 
An illusory turmoil,
An incomplete joy. His kiss :

Pure and hot, 
As deep as the eye of a boy.

Should my hand be flesh or stone,
I would touch you here, here,
And there, and there. 

Don’t worry. I’ll be
All memory. My arm Will be a book Of old dreams.

Only courage,
Only the spirit, 
On a cold

Let the yellow-souled scientists
Bolt the doors of their laboratories.

In their craft there is poetry
As there is beauty in all craftsmanship —
But the poets set us afire. I light my neighbor’s cigarette

Sometimes his candle, hut in late afternoons,
When his eyes are weary, I put fire to his eyelids.

Why do you not look at me?
Why do you tread the earth with your head
Bowed low?

Birth pangs have you tightly by the throat —

When you told me you had chosen
numbers, I felt the sun grow
darker.

We kill to remain alive,
But the killing is nothing —
Death is everything.

On roofs and on the hills,
on dust and stars,
from time to time, the jackals bay, the peacocks dance.

There is a strange light
in my eyes.
Afraid, people say.

How could they ever know
how I look upon myself 
from a great distance?

I didn't do it for the glory
or the fame for which I yearned.

silence is bruised
like the body of a snake

he hides in a lily
a lilythat’s over in bloom,
shrouded in smudge 
drenched in rain.

If this all together : All eyes, ears, imaginations, all passions
If this whole brain and every bit of this hand and whatever that foot stands in — were blown to bits

So much for that foot, you who say you should hold your hand!?
So much for that nose and wherever that tongue, you who say you should watch your mouth?

Who is this who comes up to us from deep inside us —
You who are-are 
Are you?

as the buffalo’s horn 
gouged into stone 
from ear to ear.

What will it mean?

Isn’t it clear?

Clouds gathering over the edge of the earth
from end to end!

For near or far, this much we understand: the drama will go on in the distance.

Poet’s epigraph : 
The narrator 
Book
 
Find the poets and they’ll tell you
Everything you want to know ;
Find the poets and they’ll tell you 
Everything you need to know.

Sprinkle the water with salt — it will heal 
The scalded crater with a cool shoulder.
Animals howl through the forests — they do not die.
The bridges are rising ; they thought they were being passed by.

Put some salt in that goblet,
Put some thoughts in my goblet. 

See how the trees send light oils through their vines, 
How the birds die with song on their lips. 
We shall be gales, my love, or shall be waves ; 
In the distance, we shall never be trees. 
Let’s step back into our own shadows 
And make the white stones dance in the sea.

The rotten wood of the rivers,
the ribs of the steel-banded box are mirrors —
our faces are mirrors.

"n"http://nukesafari.typepad.com/thesafari/poems/francis-ingabire-pseudo-wake-up-is-stanza-1.txt</ref
 

When I was a small child
. . . driven by the perfume of your body . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Left alone at night I dreamed of a mountain —
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

When I was a child 
I watched green toes grow
where branches had been before.
I said nothing.
They were mine. 

Deep where I live 
The earth silences the grasses, 
The grasses silence the shrill birds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The stones begin to die.

When I plunged my right hand into your hair
The blood went cold in my veins.
Longing was a bright hand
That caressed everything it touched

Poetry

Greenwich Village is abuzz.

Collectors of fireflies, 
They are taking fireflies to their homes
One by one.

Pale horse, rider with a crown, 
less and lonelier, is dawn.

Hummingbirds. 
They are hummingbirds. 
I hear saxophones all around me,
I know you are somewhere playing… 
I go towards the saxophones,
They are coming, they are going away… 

I’m sorry I go on gazing at your vanity 
Which for me appears somehow like a falseness
Although I can see you, who is behind that mask,

Sitting together with me, eyes wide open. 
Perhaps like fireflies. 
Find the poets, my friend said.
I’m looking for true words from true people.
Never mind if your words are only true for you, and not for me.

Because, although the oriole looks beautiful singing about failure,
I know for certain that fallen is the splendid laurel tree (according to your words my friend said) ;
Because whatever I think, feel, and write is real,
I realize that there is
 
Because the poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.

If a page has been torn from your sad story,
Look not for him who did it.

For my son :
Son, I’ve waited for you many nights
In the warm darkness of my womb. 
I spoke to you in secret,
Leaving you time
To contemplate the infinite. 
Now, strong and agile,
You have opened your eyes.
Do not my care and love ignore you 
When the sea calls you,
When the wind throws its black fists at your feet,
When the sun’s proud chariot rides your face 

Our first home is the desert
Since we once lived in our parents’ loins. 
In the desert you dream of water,
Rain to soften your throat and fill your belly. 
Or when you live in the water’s home,
You dream of the desert

Dancing with your mother
I am sixteen, you are a bride of fourteen, 
But light’s shadow on your eyes
Is like the shadow on my bleeding feet.

We want a charming death to match a charming life
For a young man who lived well in Gaza
We’ll set him
 
 


We plunge into fire,
Touch grain by grain, plank by plank, the mystery of life.

The sea, its rising and its falling,
Mere victory
Of the beating heart.


 How much does a mountain weigh 


 Education, a system for equipping the young for wasting their time.


 I tried to listen to my heart,
But my heart was listening.

I was overwhelmed by a sense of calm,
And I felt so serene, alone in my room,
Like gray maya, the veil that the winds lift.

The sky is serene like the eyes
Of those who live without desire.

Longing distorts objects and makes them graspable,
Footprints on the road, distant smoke growing clear,
And the moon is a circle that can be held in the hand.

All my blood has run back.
The flesh no longer confines it.

I want to stick a needle through his words of love
And rewrite 'em with a pen.

The moment when the soaring imagination
Extends its wings,
Finding everything friendly,

If you esteem


And what on that rising ground of oblivion
Does the sky do with gulls when no one is watching,
Salt-stained, wind-battered barge-wrecks of the heart.

Onion-slices of moon burst the bloated clouds.

The chase is done ; I rest, my arms entwined
Around her long neck, she at peace like a river.

How I loved her, light blue as the nights of stars
And as clear ; how I still love her, like a cloud.





In a room in the city the women gather.
As fragrance comes to clover, 
So words come to poets.

Spill your blood on my scar, my master said.
Let us fall together so the blood stops.

In the heat of the battle, you can no longer see the enemy. 
There is nothing between you and him but your gun,

The bird flies, the arrow flies and all creation flies.
The day will come when I shall abandon the pen forever and be nothing.
The stone of my old age's breast is only the slight trace of wings.
I will question my death. 
Shall I wear black, my love, 
On the day of my death ?




But they will never make canvas with my being
So that my being through the void ’s being
Looks at the void.

Beloved, I will play the game with you.
I’ll be the star that burns like a cinder
In the depth of your eyes,

Intoxication is a drama
which holds its breath
Beneath the feet of Time.

I bring inside the home
I tread the new sea-sand ; 
In my frock flutters the salutations of flowers.

Now that you have left me orphans of infinite melodies,
The world has taken off its veil from me.

Let lightning and rain dance a Danse macabre
On this lonely heart of mine, until
From its grave rises
A mysterious body —

Beloved whoever you are, where you are

The thought of you goes on sewing with the sharp needle
Of the mind the shreds of the feelings in my body.

waiting to be moulded
Into cubicles
of memory — 
Until through them
ye walk to find
my loneliness —

Though


I showed my lover a branch
On which the wind had been
Practising its scales ;

where eyes live like the setting sun 
leaving blood-red illusions on the sea, 

I released the smoke
I had drawn from you to enter your dreams,
In the winters of your Winters;

you made me an eagle, so I could fly
Like the air in the sky and the tide in the sea,
And then you took it away again.

Stephanie Kuehnert has published three book collections -"The Wisdom of Tsunami" (2005), "The Freedom of Feminism" (2006), and "To a lily, from a Master-Painter" (2008/09/2010) and numerous short poetry. Most of her writings for children have been translated into Arabic, Dutch, and German. She has also been published in various online magazines and newspapers. She has taken part in literary festivals and involved in multimedia projects related to creative writing and citizen journalism.

Stephanie Kuehnert was invited to take part in different international poetry festivals:


Stephanie Kuehnert has won or received other awards or nominations:






Who picked you up night after night,
To dangle them before me ? I was about to kill.

I dreamt of a dead planet.
The moon cried because it had
melted.

Because it is the poets’ cry of madness 
That you hear in the rain and the winds, 

The beautiful moon bends over us the wounds of the old

The beautiful moon pecks us with dentures of snow.

Translations : 

In 2010 Zoya authored the poems collection title "Even As The Dust" containing 52 poems both in English and Urdu.
In 2012 Zoya shah authored the Prose collection titled "Do You Remember Asghar Bukhari" containing 29 selections both in English and Urdu.
In 2013 Zoya shah authored the collection titled "Woman on the Scooter" containing 15 selections in English and Urdu.
Notable presentation on 12 March 2017 at Multan Arts Council, Multan.


 

there are places
no one
So, I believe, do not go. 

When the music of the universe stops,

When everyone flies away,

listen to the mischief-makers,

what will remain of this land,

Hopeless as I am, I am
like a scarecrow,
maybe, only a scarecrow?

Distance

One goes far, not because he sees
many mysterious things of the world,
but because he sees one thing for which
the world will bring out judgement. 

All things are 
at the dawn of ceasing to be ;
death is a village where all houses 
are alike.

Even the sea was a stranger to it,
for how many years did they say,
The sea was only a song !

An Anthology of Marathi Poetry from the earliest times to the present day (1954), Maharashtra government

The hollow was just a thin wall
That one day broke and fell down,
And then the ghost was everywhere.

and we were two
Although only half-lit
by the myriad lamps.
Ma.

She gave me a drink
To say ‘stay in the room’
Whispered softly.

Sweeth!

and dropped it.
And he re-made another world out of a burned diary.
To me, it’s bigger than everything.


You’ve always been 
the mournful violin that only finds,
the small part
Hidden in the strings
Mendelssohn’s 'Hebrides’
makes the sea roar
and the waves all night long
more beautiful dreams, more sweet dreams.

drive without license and without sense;
The world is getting old. With all this poison.
Samson's jawbone is strong.



And I said, I have found the poets.
The truth is in the poets

God has not a single name. 
He’s the group of colours we see
In light and the group of notes we hear
In music.
He’s the wind

I had you.
I saw your hair leap up wildly.
Grief has taken root within me. 

Dawn on the same bed ! Night ! Head !
When will we be man and head ?

the dusky poet, you only made of night
cannot be seen.

"Do you feel someone treading on your grave?"
"Don't be absurd."

Even though he talks against you, Rilke, please forgive him

even moths are more beautiful than flowers, because they burn 

The poet who bends over the earth 

Everything that happens first happened to him :

you have no faith, and you are alone every time a sunset blooms
A keen sadness barrages you

All you are is knowing.

I do not know anything, but
I know I

Forgetting wisdom, I moved my body
as a blind person, wanting
to know what was happening

Displease me not. The talking wind
Was clambering up the eaves on insensate feet.

She's probably gone
Now, those two
Who were waiting for the man
Who was never coming back.

Among boulders and loam,
Whose dark eyes,
Watching the sea,
Its sadness,
Seeming angry with it.

On the slope of an obscurely green
Unidentified hill :
An unknown sage sits
Among half-buried food-grain 

